"This is a nice hair dryer, but as hard as I've tried to figure out why it's a $130 hair dryer, I just can't find the value.I have pretty short hair and don't use a dryer that often, so I admit that I'm not the target market. But my wife has very thick long hair and uses a blow dryer every time she washes her hair. I've kept a close eye on her hair since she started using this dryer and I can't detect any difference either. So I asked her directly, would you pay $130 for this? No, she wouldn't. She said that it's not much different than her $40 dryer.I like the fact that there are two independent controls: temp and air speed. That's nice. I also like the fact that you can override the heat and blast cold air on demand. That's a great touch.But as far as the moisturizing and conditioning aspects, I can't detect them at all. I'm not typically such a skeptic, but when a product costs substantially more than the everyday version that I've been using for years, I need to somehow be convinced and wowed that the product is really worth paying so much more. Unfortunately, I wasn't wowed by this dryer."
"Excellent hair dryer with some good features.  Some of these features seem to be from a marketer's mind rather than real.  It won't fix damaged hair...whatever that means.  It won't make your hair shinier, healthier, or improve your already good looks.  However, in real world day-to-day use it is very capable and effective at drying and styling.It feels solid and well built without being too hefty.  It has very solid cord connectors and circuit breaker protection built into the plug...excellent safety features!  The handle and controls are very well placed for ease of use.  They stay cool to the touch during use.  It has 2 speeds and 3 heat settings.  Low speed and low heat works best for us. It puts out a huge amount of hot air at high heat and high speed.  It has a cool air blow feature which is good for finishing the drying process.  It has a couple of attachments, a concentrator and diffuser, which you may find useful.  It definitely is not portable though it is transportable if weight is not an issue.Hair dryers are a commodity and there are a lot of choices.  This unit stands out in a crowded field and should work for almost all hair drying and styling situations and requirements."
"I have enjoyed this hair dryer overall.  I previously had a ConAir and in comparison I think this one is of higher quality.  It is heavier than my previous one, but I think this is due to the quality of the motor which I am hoping does in fact help this hair dryer to last longer than most.  It does feel slightly awkward due to the weight and length of the barrel, but nothing that I found as a hindrance.  I noticed that several other reviewers had trouble with getting their hair stuck in the rear vent, I have long hair and have yet to have this problem, but I do agree that a cap of some sort would be nice to prevent this.The hair dryer includes three different heat settings- I found one to be quite hot, one warm, and one cool.  It also included two speeds.  I have found that the fastest speed is best used with attachments otherwise my long hair would get quite tangled.  As far as time, it seems slightly faster, though not as noticeable as I thought it might.My hair does feel quite smooth and seems to be less heat damaged from my drying, though I think time will tell if this hair dryer is truly salon quality."
"First the positive: this hairdryer is just the right weight, not so heavy that your arm gets tired during blow drying and not too light either. The color of the model I got is a sort of shimmering raspberry and is beautiful. The cord keeper feature is also pretty handy and so far, after using this dryer every day for almost a week works well. it gets moderately warm and has a somewhat ok power. I definitely wouldn't call it ultra powerful. I have another hairdryer at home which is a little more powerful. It dries my shoulder length hair, start to finish in around 10 minutes. This conair dryer is not hot enough or powerful enough to do that and has taken almost 20 minutes everyday to dry my hair.This hairdryer is perfectly ok if you have shortish, or fine hair and are not in a rush. I will use it on weekends or evenings, but I don't want to get up 10-15 minutes earlier in the morning to get my hair dried."
"I've had my hair dryer, a Conair mini, for ages--more than 10 years.  The Conair has only two setting (high and low) and did not come with any accessories.  So going from the Conair to the Panasonic Nanoe was like upgrading from a basic to a state-of -the-art hair dryer.The Panasonic Nanoe comes with a quick-dry nozzle, a set nozzle and a diffuser. It boasts 3 temperatures settings--hot, warm and cool, and a choice of strong (high) or gentle (low) airflow.  What makes this hair dryer special is that it produces nanoe or invisible water particles that cling to your hair as you dry it.I have thick hair that reaches to my shoulders and when I used the Panasonic, I had the impression that strands of hair were separated. It boosted my hair's natural volume and gave it more movement. And my hair felt softer too after I used the Panasonic with the quick-dry nozzle and the diffuser.  My sister who has long fine hair also agreed that this dryer seemed to give her hair more volume too.Since I've been handling a mini dryer for years, it took a bit of time to get used to the full-sized Panasonic. At first it felt heavy, especially when I attached the diffuser to it, and therefore was somewhat awkward to manage.  However, I'm getting used to its weight and size and therefore doing a better job at styling my hair with it.  The Panasonic Nanoe does emit a smell, but according to the operating instructions booklet, it is normal and harmless.I'm glad I got this hair dryer. I like having the different temperature settings, especially the cool one because I want to avoid heat damage.  With my old dryer, I didn't have any other choice but hot.  After using an attachment with the hot setting, it may be warm to the touch so handle with care if you need to switch nozzles.  This is a great hair dryer. I don't quite understand the fine details behind the Nanoe technology, but these invisible particles certainly make my hair look good."
"I have multiple Remington hairdryers and this is my least favorite.  It is loud and heavy to hold.  It actually takes longer to dry my hair than the other ones I own.  Love the color, but thats about it.  The other two Remington hair dryers I own have added benefits of smoothing or taming frizz, etc... this one doesn't do any of that... it's just a normal, no thrills hair dryer and takes almost twice as long to dry my hair on the highest, hottest setting :(  The motor doesn't seem as strong in this one.  Would not purchase in the future."
"This is by far my favorite dryer. I love the built in cord retractor, especially for traveling, which we do often. I have so many gadgets I need to bring, my suitcase is always a mess of cords. In addition to that, it dries my hair SO fast. I have fairly thick hair, though it's thinned over the years a bit, and it would take me in upwards of 20 minutes to dry my hair with a standard dryer. Using this dryer with a ceramic brush has my hair dry in under 10 minutes every time. The cool shot option is great for just adding a bit of curl around a brush if you're in a hurry, too! My hair tends to get a bit curly as it dries, so I really like the diffuser attachment as well. It works perfectly to smooth out my hair without it poofing out like crazy. I still like to follow up with my straightener because it makes my hair really shine and glow, but the diffuser makes the job much easier. I've been using tourmaline ceramic dryers for years and I have MUCH less breakage and a huge reduction in split ends since making the switch, so at this price, this dryer/styler is a must have!"
"I am not one to buy an expensive hair dryer, but this Panasonic with Nanoe technology is worth every penny.  The quality is self-evident when you open the package and pull out this professional sized hairdryer.  Although it looks like it would weigh a lot, it is surprisingly light and easy to handle. The controls are simple on the handle, with one side of the switch for temperature, cool, warm, and hot.  The other switch is for high or low air flow, yielding 6 possible combinations.  The Nanoe comes with three nozzles, which slip onto the front of the dryer.  The Set Nozzle for precise styling, the Quick-dry nozzle for drying hair quickly and the Diffuser for creating full bodied hair with volume and styling.  The is also a Cool Shot button on the handle to temporarily turn of the heat, to allow time to style.  The dryer comes with a heavy duty 9 foot cord with a safety overheating/reset plug.The Panasonic has Nanoe technology, which takes moisture from the air and your hair and puts moisture rich particles, small enough to penetrate your hair shafts.  That's quite a mouthful.  What it did for my hair was make it soft and silky, and I can see nuances in the color which I didn't notice before.  The blonde is blonder, the brown is richer.  My hair dried quickly and quietly, none of the loud buzzing in my ear.  As I run my fingers through my hair, there is none of that dry, frizzy, overblown feeling with my lower priced dryers.For results like this, you need to make an appointment at a salon.  If this is in your budget, highly recommended."
"Let me start with the removable filter which allows you to  clean the dust out, my previous dryers did not have this option and the filter would clog diminishing the airflow and the drying ability. That is why this is such an important feature to me,you would think all hair dryers would have it!Now to its features: it has 3 heat settings and 2 power settings (*wish there were 3!) annnd a ;cool shot; which Iove, Love, LOVE! I have very thin, fine hair and when I set my hair with heat rollers I use the ;cool shot; feature to speed up the ;set; and my curls stay in longer as the hair is more cooled down before I take the rollers out so the curls don't fall out as quickly as they used to, my set lasts longer.I use the concentrator but have no need for the diffuser but if you are naturally curly it is a nice attachment to have.It has the heat protection ;ionic technology; that helps keep your hair frizz and fly away free, dries hair fast (I have long hair) and doesn't tangle it up when just doing a blow dry and not setting my curls.It has a 2 year warranty and is at a GREAT price for what you get. I would recommend this dryer."
"I always in search of a hair dryer that can blow dry my thick, curly hair as well as my stylist does. (I know  I know  it the person not the tool.) When she dries it, she barely has to touch it up with a flat iron. When I dry it  I have to do a little more work to straighten out the wavy stragglers.This review compares the Revlon 1875W Tourmaline Ionic Ceramic Dryer, Remington T|Studio Silk AC Professional Hair Dryer, and this one (Remington Damage Control (DC) Ceramic Hair Dryer).All of them have:  * Same wattage  * Three heat settings  * Two speed settings  * Cool shot feature  * Diffuser and concentrator attachments  * Ionic technology  * Ceramic technology  * Hanging loopThe Revlon does not come with a removable filter, the two Remingtons do. (The TStudio doesn say it on the box or description. Company website confirms it.) Revlon and Remington Damage Control have tourmaline technology, the TStudio does not.The Revlon concentrator attachment stays on. The Remington fall off often. If I put the dryer down to adjust my hair, it comes off some of the time. It's hot to put it back on.All three take about the same time to dry my hair. I may have gotten slightly better results (less wavy) with the Remingtons than with the Revlon. I say ay because the difference wasn large enough to be clear. Some days I do a better job than others. Human error, you know.The Damage Control felt like it took less effort and the reason is most likely because it the lightest of the three. The shell of the DC and Revlon are plastic while the T|Studio uses better quality materials. But it could be the better quality materials that make it heavier.I can only assume the DC is cheaper than the T|Studio because of its plastic shell even though it has tourmaline technology, which the T|Studio does not.Ie yet to try the diffusers. Whenever I wear my hair curly, I let it dry naturally. That the whole point of going curly  not having to do any hair drying. As for noise  I can answer which one is quietest because I deaf. It not a good idea to wear hearing aids while drying wet hair. :)The winner? The Remington DC because it takes the least amount of effort to use and produces the same results as the others. The T|Studio is just too heavy and the Revlon doesn perform as well as the DC.Update November 16, 2015: I downgraded the dryer from 5 stars to 3 stars because the heating element is giving out. It has been getting as hot in the last couple of weeks. When I switched back to an older dryer, I could see a big difference. Lasted only three months.enever I wear my hair curly, I let it dry naturally. That the whole point of going curly  not having to do any hair drying. As for noise  I can answer which one is quietest because I deaf. It not a good idea to wear hearing aids while drying wet hair. :)The winner? The Remington DC because it takes the least amount of effort to use and produces the same results as the others. The T|Studio is just too heavy and the Revlon doesn perform as well as the DC.Update November 16, 2015: I downgraded the dryer from 5 stars to 3 stars because the heating element is giving out. It has been getting as hot in the last couple of weeks. When I switched back to an older dryer, I could see a big difference. Lasted only three months."
"I tested this hair dryer against two older models we have. One was a Conair with ceramics in the wind tunnel and ionizer. The other was an older BayBliss hair dryer, also with ceramics but no advertized ionizing properties. I didn't use a towel at all for the tests because I figured, if it works as advertized, the Panasonic should dry out my skin less well too. It seems to work.All three are very good hair dryers. I think the Panasonic did the best job of not fizzing up my hair and leaving it feeling very nice. HOWEVER, it stinks! It smelled like I was blowing melted plastic all around the room. That is not the case when I use either the Conair or the BayBliss. Additionally, while both the others are premium models, neither cost more than $50.I'm going to let the Panasonic air out for a month or so outdoors in the sun. Maybe some of the plastic stink will outgas and it will be a great hair dryer. Many people aren't as sensitive as I am to these plastic odors. If you love that new car smell, especially the smell of mostly plastic interiors after they have baked in the sun with the windows up, you'll love the smell of the Panasonic. I can't stand the smell of Fabreze or Bounce but maybe you think they're wonderful. If so, you'll think this dryer is to die for.I think they have the makings of a very good product. That nanoe technology seems to work. However, I'm concerned that each of those tiny little water droplets is surrounded by plastic particles, making it all the easier to find its way to my lungs. Hopefully, airing out will do the trick but I would still recommend a redesign to keep the hot air away from plastic parts.Addendum: I initially gave the product 5 stars but upon reflection I have decided there is no excuse for putting out a product that runs hot air directly past plastic when companies have been making hair dryers with metal or ceramic coated nozzles for years. Yes, recycling water vapor is a great idea, but don't forget to use the best of older technology as well. Plus a hair dryer this expensive should have a dual voltage switch.Update: Because of the smell, I gave the hair dryer away.... to my barber. He uses it frequently and likes it. After more than a year, the bad plastic smell is almost gone.der technology as well. Plus a hair dryer this expensive should have a dual voltage switch.  Update: Because of the smell, I gave the hair dryer away.... to my barber. He uses it frequently and likes it. After more than a year, the bad plastic smell is almost gone."
