"The Samsung Counter Top Grill Microwave contains a lot of features including a soften/melt setting and a grill capability but is probably too large for most countertops, an obvious drawback considering what it is advertised to be for. However, after using this microwave I can say that it works well and, while some its components are plastic, it seems pretty well constructed to me. The grilling feature, (the microwave includes a grill and a setting for accomplishing grilling and the soften/melt feature are nice. I tried the soften/melt feature, for example, and it worked fine. I also think this microwave is attractive so that is not a problem. The only real problem I can see with this microwave is that it is just too large for most countertops. If this is not a problem for you then I recommend this microwave, otherwise, I recommend looking for a smaller microwave."
"To address the leading question:Yes, metal racks. That work, during the use of the microwave function. And the universe does not condense into a singularity and explode. What else from my childhood has changed? Do you no longer have to turn the dial on a phone to make a call? Drop a dime in the slot to call someone from a payphone?Anyway: yes, there are metal racks for the microwave and the other function. Follow the instructions.Here's the skinny:This is more than just a microwave. You can see in the description all of the functions--and they all work pretty close to as they are described.That's the first real issue with the ;Smart Oven,; as the box labels it: the descriptions on the webpage here? They're almost as complete as the instruction manual. There's a bit more, but overall I would have liked a bit more in terms of device ideas and how to utilize it. Especially with the concepts/cooking types involved. I think the Slim-Fry concept is great, but I'd like to understand how it's working better so that I can do more than chicken wings and fries.You will also note several comments on the lack of timer. It's true: no ;non-cooking timer.;In exchange, though, you can actually generate a crispy crust on that microwave pizza.The drop-down door is nice, but keep it in mind as you handle placement. On a countertop, it drops down flush but this does require that the oven is a little taller than my previous microwave.Functionally, I'd like a better option when using the grill or Slim-Fry settings than letting the grease/food drippings to just drop down onto the turntable. Especially because that thing gets wicked hot (as is reasonable) so you have to wait a while to pull it and clean it.But the functions work well, so that's the main thing.In all...great oven. Not perfect, but I've never met a perfect microwave."
"First off, my family and I are very happy with the microwave portion of the Samsung Counter Top Convection Microwave.  It looks great in our kitchen and the stainless steel matches our major appliances.  The black ceramic interior is also a nice touch - looks great and should be easy to clean.  The turntable is a bit larger than that of the countertop microwave it replaced, and in operation the microwave is very quiet.  One downside of this particular unit is it isn't the most powerful microwave out there - rated for 1000 watts compared to other 1200 and 1250 watt microwaves in this price range.  However, it is sufficient for home cooking tasks.  Setting the power and time is easy.The other function we've tried is the convection oven.  We used it to cook some frozen hors d'oeuvres (fancy name for pigs in a blanket) using the included metal racks and ceramic crusty plate.  Even though we preheated the oven as directed, we found we had to cook our food far longer than expected based on the time listed on the package, so there was no real time savings over using our conventional oven.  In addition, the exterior of the unit becomes *very* hot when using this mode.  I suspect that we will not be using the convection mode very often, though it is a nice feature to have.As for the Slim Fry / grilling / combined cooking modes, I have not tried these yet and I'm not sure I will.  These modes *seem* to use both microwave and convection heating, but it isn't clear how much of each from the very short included manual.  It is also very unclear when the included metal racks and crisping plate should and should not be used.  (Even looking through reviews and questions here you can see that Samsung is giving very inconsistent information on this subject.)  In any event, I will take other reviewers word for it that Slim Fry is a mediocre substitute for actual frying.  As for grilling, the grill elements only reach the back third of the oven, and I'm not sure it is worth the inevitable mess created to try grilling in this oven.So overall I would give this Samsung four stars for microwave cooking, three stars for convection cooking, and two stars for the other functions.  Four stars overall since it does its main job very well.h the inevitable mess created to try grilling in this oven.    So overall I would give this Samsung four stars for microwave cooking, three stars for convection cooking, and two stars for the other functions.  Four stars overall since it does its main job very well."
"I picked this unit up primarily for the Convection Oven function but have come to really appreciate its versatility. That said, the unit is not without issues.The short story is: the microwave function works perfectly and is perhaps a bit more powerful than my built in unit. The grill function is great - provided you use the pan that comes with the unit. The convection function is wonderful but never and I mean never use parchment paper in the unit. (FIRE!) The preheat function is problematic and 7 time out of 10 will cause your unit to stop working for at least 15 minute after it shuts off, especially if you interrupt it when it is the 10 minute post preheat time frame to try to use the convection oven setting. The unit is very sharp looking and feels solidly built. The two racks and accompanying pan are also reasonably well made.Now for those who are interested, the long story:Microwave:Works just great, seemed to have more power than my built in unit so I did a boil water test and found it got the water percolating about 30 seconds faster than my primary unit. The kids and I have learned to dial the time back when we use this unit.Grill:Love this feature, I made the following - Grilled Cheese (upper rack and pan - 7 minutes with flip at half way point) turned out beautifully. Open face bagel with cheese (upper rack and pan - 5 minutes) grilled to perfection.Convection Oven:I had pretty good but not perfect results here: Baked Russet Potatoes (medium) were only partially cooked after 30 minutes when cooked at the maximum 400 degree setting, my convection oven cooks them much more completely in the same amount of time at the same setting. Sweet Potato Fries were kind of a disappointment as well, they just did not crisp up like they do in my standard convection oven. Chicken Breasts and battered shrimp cooked in here were done more to my satisfaction but I did note that Ineeded to keep the temp up about 25 degrees hotter than my standard oven to get the same result. French bread pizzas were a complete disaster when cooked on parchment paper - the paper caught fire. I checked the manual about using parchment paper - I use it all the time in my standard oven for all sorts of baking - and there was no warning about using it - but I can tell you it is a big no-no.Preheat Function:Well, this function is pretty worthless on my unit. I have successfully been able to use it and then cook exactly 2 times out of 10 in the 2 weeks I have had the unit. The first time we used this function the house smelled like it was on fire, the unit quit working and we thought it had burned up. The next time we used it, it cycled through the preheat and then the 10 minute after preheat time period and then shut down. (It completely turns off, including the time display and will not work at all.) The next time I let it cycle through (both the preheat and 10 minute cycle), the unit remained functional and I was able to convection bake afterwards. Then the hubby ran the preheat and interrupted the 10 minute after preheat cycle to attempt to convection cook - the unit shut down again. As I said, we have tried this 10 different times and never been able to use the convection function directly after the preheating is done. Even waiting after the 10 minute period of time is dicey, sometimes the unit remains functional, sometimes it shuts down. The hubby is frankly worried about this and so we never leave the kitchen when the unit is in use.Slim Fry:We have not tried this function yet but I will update when we do, perhaps this is the answer to my issues with oven fries!Overall, this is a better multifunction machine than I thought it would be. I was highly skeptical of the convection oven side of the equation as my prior experiences with these sort of units (toaster oven/convection oven) have lead me to conclude that they are okay at best. The oven on this unit really does a decent job with some finagling on the temperature side. (Ignore the standard advise to lower by 25 degrees vs. regular oven on this unit and you should be fine.)  For the price the unit seems a solid investment, my only reservation being the preheat function which I think I will just chose to not use going forward.Recommended with above reservations."
"Samsung Countertop Microwave, 1.1 Cubic Feet, Stainless Steel is a must buy for people who enjoy cooking meals in their microwaves instead of just zapping snacks and melting cheese.  The counter top microwave is larger than most models and this one can cook main course meals and side dishes for you and your family.  A medium sized pizza can be cooked inside it's designed to ;crisp; instead of being kind of on the soft side like other microwaves.  Just press the easy-to-use preset buttons for all of your cooking needs and if you want to ;grill; your food with the grill layer that works similar to the one found in a convection oven but don't expect the same results.Overall, I have to recommend this microwave for those who prefer to cook their meals the fast and easy way instead of using a cumbersome stove or for apartment dwellers.  You can't go wrong with a Samsung Countertop Microwave, 1.1 Cubic Feet, Stainless Steel, especially if the price is right."
"This is a powerful and great looking counter top microwave. It's replaced my old 1000 watt sanyo. It has some features you don't find on many microwaves including a power saving mode (which turns off the LED clock), a grilling element on the top, and ceramic plate. In theory you could cook a pizza, heat up some bacon all while retaining the crispiness. I'd probably heat up frozen egg rolls before i do the any of the prior though. The grilling feature is gimmicky to me. First you lose height for reheating taller items. And I'm not one for having an issue using the oven for a frozen pizza or a pan for your bacon. Maybe even a toaster oven if you wanna reheat those chicken mcnuggets. There's also one more minor issue. The rotating glass plate is raised a bit too high around the edges than i'm used to. So make sure you lift your item high enough to clear the glass plate when taking anything out."
"The first thing you should know about this microwave is that it is big,so make sure you have adequate counter space to accommodate it. I only use it for simple things like heating things up quicky. For this it works well. I haven't yet tried its grilling feature."
"Is a combination microwave oven worth the extra cost?  This SAMSUNG COUNTER TOP GRILL MICROWAVE certainly is.  I've used the ;combi; button (30% microwave power combined with a single-temperature top heating element) along with the ;crusty plate; and grill rack to cook bacon, hamburgers, and frozen hamburgers.  All came out tasting like grilled meats (not microwaved meats).The regular microwave features work like any standard microwave.  The interior is easy to clean.  The microwave door is a mirror that takes a little getting used to (see the attached photo).  The only thing I don't like about this appliance is that the mirrored door won't allow you to watch your food while it's cooking.This is a beautiful kitchen appliance that performs the function of both a microwave and a toaster oven.  But everything cooks with the speed of a microwave.  At 950 watts, the microwave is a little less powerful than my old 1000-watt Sears microwave, so I need to set it for slightly longer cooking and reheating times.***Cleaning Tip:  If you grill bacon, you'll get grease splatter on the roof of the microwave.  Bon Ami removes this easily, without scratching the interior."
"Before this microwave found its place on my counter this week, I hadn't known how much I would love it!  It heats food quickly, is easy to use (once you review the manual), and can serve the same functions a microwave and toaster oven do.What makes this microwave different...+ It has many possibilities.+ Pizza is crispy on the bottom (when reheated) even on the microwave setting!+ It can be simple, or you can dive into all the stuff it can do!+ The size is comparable to our old 1.1 cu ft microwave, yet it can do more.+ The colors are awesome!  The stainless is only on the front (which makes for less to clean) and the gray top and sides are not stainless---so they will keep cleaner.+ The dials and quick microwave settings are smart.  To reheat something for 30 seconds, just press the button on the bottom right (once for 30 seconds, twice for a minute, etc.).  Or, press the microwave button, turn the dial to the time you'd like (backwards or forwards) and then press the start button.+ The clock setting is easy to set.+ The convection oven works for settings up to 400 degrees.  Preheat the oven first, and then select the convection oven.  You'll need to read the directions in the manual first, but then it's easy to navigate from there on out.+ The oven includes a crispy plate, two wire racks (that worked great on the convection setting), a glass plate and ring.  I baked some cheese onto the plate while using the convection setting and it cleaned up super easy.What may concern you...-  The microwave does need to be on a sufficiently powered circuit (not on a power cord).  It does not have a long cord, so you need to be able to place it right in front of the outlet you are going to use or close to it.-  Don't use plastic plates that are not microwave safe.  One review for this microwave was mistaken--they said you couldn't use plastic in it.  Not true.  You just have to use microwave safe materials.  There's a thorough and easy to reference list in the manual (which is located inside the microwave oven when you unpack it).- The oven does have a heating element on the top because it is a convection oven, so you will want to make sure you have a microwave safe plastic cover that you can use when you are microwaving.  Otherwise, it's going to be a pain to clean it up.Other matters to address...It's always interesting to read other people's reviews.  One reviewer didn't like the manual, because a cookbook wasn't included.  Honestly, I've gotten so many cookbooks over the years with appliances and I've never used them.  The manual for this oven seems small, but it is packed with all the essential information you'll need to use it--and more.  No recipes, but all the guidelines for cooking vegetables, reheating foods, etc.  I don't cook in my microwave oven normally.  I did bake spinach artichoke dip in this oven, though, on 375 degrees for 30 minutes and it came out perfectly!Another reviewer lamented the lack of a timer on this microwave oven.  That's not true actually.  If you use the microwave function, the time counts down normally.  If you use the convection setting, you have to select how long you want the oven to cook for and then it will turn off automatically when it is done.  If you find you need a few extra minutes, it's very easy to turn it right back on.  To use the convection oven, you do need to preheat the oven first, but that's not a problem.  One feature that was awesome was that when I took my dish out of the oven to stir it, the oven did not start cooking again until I pressed the start button (so the time didn't keep going either).  Most people I know use the timers on their ovens or use a stand alone timer that they can take with them into another room if needed or move to where they will hear it when it goes off.All in all, I'm very pleased with this microwave.  It covers the basics and beyond very well!  I don't expect it to do everything--grill, slimfry, microwave, convection.  But, the fact that it microwaves and bakes so well is enough for me!  Many appliances claim to do too much and we expect one appliance to do it all.  I prefer to do grilled cheese on the stove and frying on the stove, so I don't want to do them in this oven and risk having to clean up a mess.  I'm extremely happy with what I've used it for so far.ics and beyond very well!  I don't expect it to do everything--grill, slimfry, microwave, convection.  But, the fact that it microwaves and bakes so well is enough for me!  Many appliances claim to do too much and we expect one appliance to do it all.  I prefer to do grilled cheese on the stove and frying on the stove, so I don't want to do them in this oven and risk having to clean up a mess.  I'm extremely happy with what I've used it for so far."
"I always leery of appliances that blend several functions or operations into one device. My past experience has been that it is better to get one appliance that does one thing well than to get one appliance that does three things mediocre. But one thing I can say after running this Samsung multi-function baking, broiling, microwave, convection oven through its paces, is that it really does everything very, very well. Because the interface is not intuitive (more on this in a moment), you will have to spend some time with the manual to figure out how to cook things the correct way or the way you want to. You will also have to extrapolate a little bit, because Samsung does not cover every possible foodstuff and every possible cook method. Still, by keeping the manual handy, I didn't have any problem making delicious food in any of the modes that I tried (everything except broiling  which looks like it would be quite messy).I started simple, with the microwave. While every microwave that I have touched in the past twenty years was literally self-explanatory, just choose a setting or power level and cook time, this Samsung oven requires you to select the type of food, the weight, what you are trying to accomplish (heat, defrost, etc.) and it calculates everything for you and runs it. Now, this sounds like a lot of tedious work, and in fact it is. But the first thing I defrosted was frozen Japanese sticky rice. In a regular microwave, I usually just put it in at high level for a minute, stir it up, and I end up with a sometimes mushy, sometimes not, sometimes cold, or cool, or hot, sometimes perfect, sometimes inedible bowl of rice. Using the bread setting on the Samsung, I put the rice in, pushed the buttons and turned the knobs according to the instructions, and I ended up with perfectly defrosted, not hot, not cold, not a grain neglected bowl of rice. It was, in a word, amazing: defrosted without even getting hot. Wow. The microwave continued to impress in this fashion: popping popcorn, defrosting frozen berries, warming cold bread, all to perfection.For baking or actual heating, again, following the instructions of the manual, I made a number of excellent dishes. What I failed to notice, however, was that the cook times for everything I made were predetermined by the oven. That is to say, before starting I never knew how long anything would take and in fact, until you push the start button, the oven never indicates the cook time you are in for. Because these were main dishes and the length of time was not egregious, this didn't matter for the most part, until I tried the slim fry function.Now, I have experience with these so called il-less fryers, which is essentially what the Samsung oven turns itself into in the slim fry mode. So, I prepped my potatoes and waited for my wife to come home before starting on the main dish prep, but before I did that, I started on the potatoes. The first step was to fast preheat the oven to 400 degrees, and it has a dedicated mode for accomplishing this. I turned it on and set to work on my other dishes. Eight minutes later, I was ready to go, but the oven was still fast (?) preheating. I cut to the chase, put in my potatoes on the crisper tray, set it on the small rack that came with the oven (is there a reason why the tray does not sit in a fixed position on its sister rack?), selected my quantity and hit start. The timer promptly displayed a cook time of 32 minutes. Wait, 32 minutes? I could drive to McDonald, order fries, sit in the parking lot and eat them, go back in and get another order of fries and take them home to serve with dinner and I still have 5 or 10 minutes before my slim fries were ready with the Samsung. We had a fry-less dinner, and slim fries (admittedly, delicious, crispy and light fries) for dessert.I don know a serious chef who doesn't work within given time constraints. It part of the task after all. (There are even television shows on which cook time determines the success or failure of the celebrity chefs competing on the shows.) So if you ask me, how, exactly, is a chef supposed to get the most out of this Samsung, I have to answer honestly, I have no clue. Not knowing the cook time up front is a serious handicap. I suppose if you used it enough for a wide range of foods under an extensive range of conditions, and kept notes along the way, you could develop an accurate chart of cook times that would allow you to get the most from this oven. But as it is, I think this is a nice microwave with a lot of great features that is hard to use for much of anything else. Samsung has some good ideas and a great microwave, but with the quirky implements, required-reading manual and the el let you know when it will be done when wee ready to let you know feature, it is impossible to rate this any higher than three stars.e even television shows on which cook time determines the success or failure of the celebrity chefs competing on the shows.) So if you ask me, how, exactly, is a chef supposed to get the most out of this Samsung, I have to answer honestly, I have no clue. Not knowing the cook time up front is a serious handicap. I suppose if you used it enough for a wide range of foods under an extensive range of conditions, and kept notes along the way, you could develop an accurate chart of cook times that would allow you to get the most from this oven. But as it is, I think this is a nice microwave with a lot of great features that is hard to use for much of anything else. Samsung has some good ideas and a great microwave, but with the quirky implements, required-reading manual and the el let you know when it will be done when wee ready to let you know feature, it is impossible to rate this any higher than three stars."
"I've written quite a few product reviews in the past, but never have I seen so much debate and misinformation about what would seem to be a simple kitchen appliance! A lot of the reviews I have read here are either mistaken in their details or are trying to compare apples to oranges. Samsung (or whoever the Samsung dealer on here is) has only added to the confusion, unfortunately.First, a few points to set the record straight. The appliance is NOT covered in stainless steel. There may be a bit of it in the trim, but it seems like whoever wrote the description hasn't actually sen one in person. Most of the outside has a black, textured metal finish, which does seem to blend in quite nicely with my own black and stainless steel kitchen appliances. It may not blend in with a kitchen that is all stainless and has no black in it though.There is a bare minimum of plastic in the construction, which is limited to the trim, ;open button; and part of the door latch. I have not had any problem keeping either the highly polished front door clean nor the outside of the appliance. In fact, the texture of the black sheet metal on most of its outside surface actually prevents it from becoming a fingerprint magnet.Another misconception comes from the grill rack that fits inside. Some people have mentioned that it is only to be used in the grill mode, which is not true. The rack can be used in the combination grill/microwave mode just fine and your microwave will NOT burst into flames. From the manual, page 11: ;Grill Rack, to be placed on the turntable. The metal rack can be used in grill and combination cooking;. It will even ;work; in the microwave-only setting, although it won't contribute to the cooking process at all. In fact, the main feature of this appliance is the ability to both microwave AND grill at the same time, and you can't utilize the grill to any effect without the rack in place.This brings me to the main point of my review. Those who are most critical of this appliance are simply comparing it to a microwave. This is an apples vs oranges type of logic as the addition of the grilling element really makes this an unfair comparison. Is it heavier than most stand-alone microwaves? Of course it is, because it has an entirely separate heating element, electronics and carries the additional weight of a ceramic enamel interior. This is really two appliances in one that work together seamlessly to greatly enhance the texture and heat distribution of foods such as pasta, pizza, crusts, etc. The additional heating element also makes the appliance larger than stand-alone microwaves, which is entirely understandable to me. This also explains the slightly lower wattage rating than some heavy-duty microwaves. If used with the grill though, it seems to cook items just as fast as a microwave with a higher wattage rating.Adding to the weight is a metal exterior that uses a heavier gauge of sheet metal than the vast majority of stand-alone microwaves on the market. The reason for this is pretty simple. To keep people from burning themselves when coming into contact with the appliance. Without the heavy-duty (which is necessarily heavy) inside and outside finishes the device has, it would eventually lead to someone getting accidentally burned. For those who wonder why it doesn't have more capacity or more wattage, the reasons all boil down to safety. You can only add so much shielding to keep the size (and cost) of such an appliance practical. I think that Samsung engineers did a pretty good job at balancing safety, size and materials to keep this at a reasonable cost for a device that offers so much more than a simple microwave does.In regards to cost, I have seen the price of this product fluctuate wildly over the past few weeks. At one point I believe it was $179 (shipping included). Then it went up to $230 (shipping NOT included). Today, it is down to $199.99 with free shipping. I have no idea what the MSRP of the unit actually is, but for the quality of construction it has and the features it carries, it seems like at bargain to me.For me personally, this product is just the right size for the foods I cook and offers a lot of flexibility as to how I can cook things. The polished surface makes it by far the nicest looking appliance in my kitchen, ever. It reminds me a lot of my Samsung Galaxy S4 cellphone, actually. All in all, I couldn't be happier with my purchase and I would recommend it to anyone. If you have no interest in the grilling feature you probably wouldn't want to buy this though, because it is definitely more expensive than a stand-alone microwave. If you are only going to use it for microwaving it is overkill. I'd never go back to a regular microwave after having used this though. I am too spoiled with this product's cooking ability at this point. In any event, I think that it deserves more praise than it seems to be getting here. Try it for yourself and I would bet that you won't be disappointed.n to $199.99 with free shipping. I have no idea what the MSRP of the unit actually is, but for the quality of construction it has and the features it carries, it seems like at bargain to me.For me personally, this product is just the right size for the foods I cook and offers a lot of flexibility as to how I can cook things. The polished surface makes it by far the nicest looking appliance in my kitchen, ever. It reminds me a lot of my Samsung Galaxy S4 cellphone, actually. All in all, I couldn't be happier with my purchase and I would recommend it to anyone. If you have no interest in the grilling feature you probably wouldn't want to buy this though, because it is definitely more expensive than a stand-alone microwave. If you are only going to use it for microwaving it is overkill. I'd never go back to a regular microwave after having used this though. I am too spoiled with this product's cooking ability at this point. In any event, I think that it deserves more praise than it seems to be getting here. Try it for yourself and I would bet that you won't be disappointed."
