"i guess i can't complain too bad because the price is fair. it just isn't very easy for baby to maneuver around in. the front wheels are 360 degree but the back ones are only front and back. so, it makes it hard to get around and he gets stuck a lot which is only upsetting to him. so duration of play time in the walker is limited. it's even a pain for me to scoot out of the way because of those back wheels. i usually just pick it up to move it. won't be saving this for next baby!"
"i have another mattress that i wanted replaced for my toddler who is almost 3 and sleeps in a toddler bed. the first thing i paid attention to when i opened the box was the smell. there was no strong obnoxious smell which i loved. it fit her pottery barn kids toddler bed snuggly and i'm happy with the feel and so is she. there are no springs and i was a bit worried that it would have been too soft but its perfect for her. overall i would recommend this. not expensive and a great mattress for your little one."
"This was the perfect size for my friend Robyn baby.  She is going on three months old but was a tiny preemie.  Like a dog sniffing a bone, Baby Annaleigh played with it a while before suckling the passie.  The pacifier is contoured for great sucking support.The pack has two pacifier in it for $6 bucks which is a pretty good price, but I do not like the $9 in shipping.  I don know what BPA-free and is dishwasher safe."
"when i had my baby, i inherited an old fisher price ocean wonders cradle swing. my son absolutely loved it but it was quite old and the seat padding was tattered. when the opportunity arose for me to get this, i jumped at the chance.first, the good:-i like how this can be plugged in. i was going through entire packets of batteries with the last one so it was nice this came with a adapter that i can plug into the wall. i still use batteries when we're on the porch enjoying the nice weather but i predominantly use the plug.-the seat padding is machine washable - a definite plus in my book.-the timer mode is great. i like how it gradually stops on its own.- the color scheme is attractive and gender neutral.now the bad:-the seat vibration is loud. so loud that i don't even use it.-the appeal of this is that it can be used as a rocker in addition to the swing, but once detached the rocker is large, unwieldy and heavy.-the swing has a large footprint and takes up a lot of room.in the end, even though this is so much newer than the one i got from my sister, it isn't that much better."
"this is easy to put together, looks nice, and holds baby comfortably. it works as described, and for that i give four stars.however, there are much better, more versatile options in the same price range. this seat isn't very exciting. it vibrates and has two little toys to bat at. no music, and the toys are quite basic.for just a few dollars more, try the deluxe rainforest bouncer. the toy bar is much more interesting, with moving animals and a light-up waterfall, and it plays a variety of songs. it takes the same floor space. and you can choose what action and sounds you want to play to avoid overstimulation and preserve your sanity. my older son enjoyed this seat, and it was my primary ticket to a decent shower for months.for a few dollars less, there's the fisher price infant to toddler rocker. this converts from a baby bouncer (vibrates and has simple toys, like this bouncer) to a seat for toddler, thus getting you a little more use out of your purchase.this bouncer is good for very young babies, and it has a more contemporary look and does what it says, but i would recommend either of those options over this."
"with that pithy baseball analogy, i've summed up my thoughts on this item. it's neither spectacular, nor a horrible failure - it exceeds in a couple areas and falls completely on its face in others.pros:- the daytime camera works very well. it's better than the lorex models i've used in the past, and the color lcd monitor is a nice feature. the tilt, pan, and zoom features are all acceptable, and let me move the view around the crib as needed.- install was a snap. both have rechargeable batteries, so no need to be tethered to an ac adapter all the time. that's a good, parent friendly feature.cons:- the night vision camera doesn't work. we have a night light in the room so we can see for those late night feedings - and it washes everything out. defeats the purpose of a video monitor (which is a bit of a silly concept in the first place) if it doesn't work at night, when a peep might let us get a quick glance and what the kids are doing.- two different ac adapters. that's silly."
"this is a nicely sized versatile play gym.  you can set it up so it's a cozy four sided play area for a newborn or you can open up all the sides for an older baby so he or she can move around and explore.  the toys can be attached to the arches, the tummy time pillow or the play mat itself.  these included rattles and toys for this play gym are decent quality.  i particularly like the teething leaves, the giraffe and the monkey rattle.  the light up elephant that plays music is cute.  the elephant can also be attached to a car seat, although i'm not a fan of the idea of attaching a hard plastic toy on the handle of the infant carrier.  overall this is a good and versatile baby activity gym.  it's a much better quality than the fisher price moonlight gym i also reviewed recently.  the sunny safari theme is gender neutral so it's a good pick for first time moms who hope to use it for more than one child."
"this is a great quality crib. i love pretty much everything about it.1) it is very easy to put together - unfold the crib and the mattress, attach legs - and voila, done in a minute (as advertised).2) washable mattress cover - my previous portable crib didn't have that option and still has spit-up spots that couldn't be completely washed off.3) the color - ;acorn; or, rather, dark beige - very soothing to the eye.4) breathable mesh ;windows; and overall made of fabrics pleasant to the touch.5) very stable - i was surprised just how stable it was, considering the legs are not connected.my only concerns are connected with the portability of the crib - yes, the crib comes with a bag and the crib itself can be folded and collapsed to be put in the bag. but it's still pretty heavy to carry around. and another thing, because it is foldable, the mattress has to be folded too, so there is a small dent in the mattress where it folds - some babies might be sensitive to that.these are minor quibbles though. this is a great crib. much better than my old one from fisher price."
"this is a really nice starter set for someone who plans to bottlefeed. the bottles are well-made and bpa free, and they don't leak. you also get a very nice brush (very soft, so it doesn't scratch the plastic), a snack/formula powder cup, a handle and top to transform the bottles into sippy cups later, and a pacifier. with their wide mouths, these bottles are easy to wash, and i also think a wider nipple helps prevent nipple confusion in breast-fed babies. (this is just anecdotal, but it's held true for me with my kids.) i wasn't wild about the pacifier, as it was a bit too heavy for my daughter to easily keep in her mouth; she seems to like the [[asin:b0037uzur8 mam start orthodontic silicone pacifier]] best. then again, she's only 4 1/2 weeks old, so the same may not be true of an older baby!however, i generally recommend that (at least for babies who are breastfeeding), you buy just one bottle at a time and see how your baby likes it, and then buy a set later if your baby is amenable, because two of my three have been very particular about what kind of bottles they'll take. my daughter (who has just started using a bottle) doesn't seem wild about the avent bottles. she seems to much prefer the [[asin:b001q64at4 playtex drop-ins]]. i don't know if she prefers the playtex nipple (it wasn't interchangeable with the avent bottles) or if she prefers something about the drop-in liner.incidentally, if you have a non-avent breast pump (like the [[asin:b004hwxcjs medela pump in style]] and store your milk in bottles, you'll have to pump into a different, narrow bottle and then transfer the milk into -these- bottles, or else purchase an adapter, like the [[asin:b00005bxey philips avent standard breast pump conversion kit]]."
"i am a long time babywearer and babywearing educator. for its intended purpose, the infant insert works pretty well. it lets you wear very small babies in an ergo safely, getting them high enough so airways are not constricted and they are not slumped.however, the insert is also pretty hot and bulky. personally, i prefer to use other carriers for very small babies - stretchy wraps, woven wraps, or ring slings - so that no insert/modification is needed. if you do have an ergo and no infant insert (or prefer not to use one), you can also roll up a receiving blanket at the bottom of the ergo to boost baby up high enough so they aren't swallowed by the carrier (there are lots of youtube videos demonstrating this).so it does work and is a fine product, but personally i prefer other carrying options for babies small enough to need an infant insert."
"it's lightweight, pretty easy to unfold and fold the stroller part, and pretty easy to click and unclick the car seat and switch it between the stroller and the car base.the springs are too stiff to be effective shock absorbers. and the stroller is meant for hard or paved surfaces only. the wheels just aren't up to grass, sand, or soil.the straps are not one-strap adjustable. the straps have to be fiddled with to get a good snug fit.there's no quick release on the base. taking the mounting base in and out of a car requires a bit more time than if it had a quick release. the solution is to buy extra bases for other family cars.baby is about to outgrow it at one year.all that said, the positives outweigh the negatives. we'd rate it on the higher end of budget models. for more features (such as quick release base and simplified strap adjust) look for higher end models."
